Some of the most relevant policy in
managing the collection of data is
the data protection regulations.
This regulation concerns the collection
and sharing of personal data.
In the UK, governance of data
protection is defined by the
General Data Protection regulations
applied in a similar way across EU.
The Information Commissioner's
Office is the statutory independent
Authoritie and their website is a
good source of guidance both on
how to comply with the regulation
and Citizens Rights under this law.